feat(typing): make `Interaction` and subclasses generic (#1037)
DisnakeDev/disnake: changelog/1036.feature.rst

> Make :class:`disnake.Interaction`, :class:`disnake.ApplicationCommandInteraction`, :class:`disnake.GuildCommandInteraction`, :class:`disnake.UserCommandInteraction`, :class:`disnake.MessageCommandInteraction`, :class:`disnake.MessageInteraction`, :class:`disnake.ModalInteraction` accept a bot type to denote the type returned by ``.bot`` and ``.client`` properties.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make :class:`Interaction` and subtypes accept the bot type as a generic parameter to denote the type returned by the :attr:`~Interaction.bot` and :attr:`~Interaction.client` properties.
```
a bit more concise, I don't think it needs to be too verbose
